[Music]
for the main course remember and olive
oil to a hot pan remove the fat from the
steaks roll out thin and seasoned fry
quickly on both sides then set aside
into the same pan add chopped shallots
and season add sliced mushrooms another
butter and crush garlic
then add a splash of Worcester sauce and
Dijon mustard
pour a dash of brandy and flambe
once the alcohol is burnt off swirl the
juices add the cream and stir in chopped
parsley return the steaks and cook saute
potatoes heat oil slice the Powerball
potatoes in half and place cut side down
season add crushed garlic and rosemary
plate up and spoon the sauce over the
steaks State Diane with soda potatoes
and peas done
[Music]